Workshop ddc (#89)
IBM/credit-risk-workshop-cpd: workshop/watson-knowledge-catalog-admin/README.md

![add local files to catalog](../.gitbook/assets/images/wkc-admin/wkc-add-to-catalog-local-files.png)

> * Download the `application_personal_data.csv` file from [here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/IBM/credit-risk-workshop-cpd/master/data/split/applicant_personal_data.csv). If 

Reviewer: we should use the workshop branch, and use this link, letting github generate the actual raw link in case they change that logic.
```suggestion
* Download the `application_personal_data.csv` file from [here](https://github.com/IBM/credit-risk-workshop-cpd/raw/workshop-DDC/data/split/applicant_personal_data.csv). If 
```
